I. MISSION
II. OVERVIEW
The Ambrics C-Corp Employee Handbook (the “Handbook”) has been
developed to provide general guidelines about Ambrics policies and
procedures for employees.  It is a guide to assist you in becoming familiar with some of the
privileges and obligations of your employment, including Ambricsʹs policy
of voluntary at‐will employment.  None of the policies or guidelines in the Handbook are
intended to give rise to contractual rights or obligations, or to be construed as a guarantee of
employment for any specific period of time, or any specific type of work.  Additionally, with the
exception of the voluntary at‐will employment policy, these guidelines are subject to
modification, amendment or revocation by Ambrics at any time, without
advance notice.
The personnel polices of Ambrics are established by the Board of
Directors, which has delegated authority and responsibility for their administration to the
Executive Director.  The Executive Director may, in turn, delegate authority for administering
specific policies.  Employees are encouraged to consult the Executive Director for additional
information regarding the policies, procedures, and privileges described in this Handbook.  
Questions about personnel matters also may be reviewed with the Executive Director.
Ambrics will provide each individual a copy of this Handbook upon
employment.  All employees are expected to abide by it. The highest standards of personal and
professional ethics and behavior are expected of all Ambrics employees.  
Further, Ambrics expects each employee to display good judgment,
diplomacy and courtesy in their professional relationships with members of Ambricsʹs Board of Directors, committees, membership, staff, and the general public.
2
III. VOLUNTARY AT‐WILL EMPLOYMENT
Unless an employee has a written employment agreement with Ambrics, which provides differently, all employment at Ambrics is “at‐will.”
That means that employees may be terminated from employment with Ambrics with or without cause, and employees are free to leave the employment of
Ambrics with or without cause. Any representation by any
Ambrics officer or employee contrary to this policy is not binding upon
Ambrics unless it is in writing and is signed by the Executive Director with
the approval of the Board of Directors.
IV. EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY
Ambrics shall follow the spirit and intent of all federal, state
and local employment law and is committed to equal employment opportunity.  To that end,
the Board of Directors and Executive Director of Ambrics will not
discriminate against any employee or applicant in a manner that violates the law.  
Ambrics is committed to providing equal opportunity for all employees and
applicants without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, age, marital status, sexual
orientation, disability, political affiliation, personal appearance, family responsibilities,
matriculation or any other characteristic protected under federal, state or local law.  Each
person is evaluated on the basis of personal skill and merit.   Ambrics’s
policy regarding equal employment opportunity applies to all aspects of employment,
including recruitment, hiring, job assignments, promotions, working conditions, scheduling,
benefits, wage and salary administration, disciplinary action, termination, and social,
educational and recreational programs.  The Executive Director shall act as the responsible
agent in the full implementation of the Equal Employment Opportunity policy.
Ambrics will not tolerate any form of unlawful
discrimination.  All employees are expected to cooperate fully in implementing this policy.  In
particular, any employee who believes that any other employee of Ambrics
may have violated the Equal Employment Opportunity Policy should report the possible
violation to the Executive Director.   
If Ambrics determines that a violation of this policy has occurred, it
will take appropriate disciplinary action against the offending party, which can include
counseling, warnings, suspensions, and termination.  Employees who report, in good faith,
violations of this policy and employees who cooperate with investigations into alleged
violations of this policy will not be subject to retaliation.  Upon completion of the investigation,
Ambrics will inform the employee who made the complaint of the results of
the investigation.
3
Ambrics is also committed to complying fully with applicable
disability discrimination laws, and ensuring that equal opportunity in employment exists at
Ambrics for qualified persons with disabilities.  All employment practices
and activities are conducted on a non‐discriminatory basis.  Reasonable accommodations will
be available to all qualified disabled employees, upon request, so long as the potential
accommodation does not create an undue hardship on Ambrics.  Employees
who believe that they may require an accommodation should discuss these needs with the
Executive Director.  
  
If you have any questions regarding this policy, please contact the Executive Director.
V. POLICY AGAINST WORKPLACE HARASSMENT
Ambrics is committed to providing a work environment for all
employees that is free from sexual harassment and other types of discriminatory harassment.  
Employees are expected to conduct themselves in a professional manner and to show respect
for their co‐workers.
   
Ambrics’s commitment begins with the recognition and
acknowledgment that sexual harassment and other types of discriminatory harassment are, of
course, unlawful.  To reinforce this commitment, Ambrics has developed a
policy against harassment and a reporting procedure for employees who have been subjected to
or witnessed harassment.  This policy applies to all work‐related settings and activities, whether
inside or outside the workplace, and includes business trips and business‐related social events.  
Ambrics’s property (e.g. telephones, copy machines, facsimile machines,
computers, and computer applications such as e‐mail and Internet access) may not be used to
engage in conduct that violates this policy.  Ambrics’s policy against
harassment covers employees and other individuals who have a relationship with
Ambrics which enables Ambrics to exercise some control
over the individual’s conduct in places and activities that relate to Ambrics’s
work (e.g. directors, officers, contractors, vendors, volunteers, etc.).   
   
Prohibition of Sexual Harassment:  Ambrics’s policy against sexual
harassment prohibits sexual advances or requests for sexual favors or other physical or verbal
conduct of a sexual nature, when: (1) submission to such conduct is made an express or implicit
condition of employment; (2) submission to or rejection of such conduct is used as a basis for
employment decisions affecting the individual who submits to or rejects such conduct; or (3)
such conduct has the purpose or effect of unreasonably interfering with an employee’s work
performance or creating an intimidating, hostile, humiliating, or offensive working
environment.
   
While it is not possible to list all of the circumstances which would constitute sexual
harassment, the following are some examples:  (1) unwelcome sexual advances ‐‐ whether they
involve physical touching or not; (2) requests for sexual favors in exchange for actual or
4
promised job benefits such as favorable reviews, salary increases, promotions, increased
benefits, or continued employment; or (3) coerced sexual acts.   
   
Depending on the circumstances, the following conduct may also constitute sexual
harassment:  (1) use of sexual epithets, jokes, written or oral references to sexual conduct, gossip
regarding one’s sex life; (2) sexually oriented comment on an individual’s body, comment about
an individual’s sexual activity, deficiencies, or prowess; (3) displaying sexually suggestive
objects, pictures, cartoons; (4) unwelcome leering, whistling, deliberate brushing against the
body in a suggestive manner; (5) sexual gestures or sexually suggestive comments; (6) inquiries
into one’s sexual experiences; or (7) discussion of one’s sexual activities.   
   
While such behavior, depending on the circumstances, may not be severe or pervasive
enough to create a sexually hostile work environment, it can nonetheless make co‐workers
uncomfortable.  Accordingly, such behavior is inappropriate and may result in disciplinary
action regardless of whether it is unlawful.
   
It is also unlawful and expressly against Ambrics policy to retaliate
against an employee for filing a complaint of sexual harassment or for cooperating with an
investigation of a complaint of sexual harassment.
   
Prohibition of Other Types of Discriminatory Harassment:  It is also against
Ambrics’s policy to engage in verbal or physical conduct that denigrates or
shows hostility or aversion toward an individual because of his or her race, color, gender,
religion, sexual orientation, age, national origin, disability, or other protected category (or that
of the individual’s relatives, friends, or associates) that:  (1) has the purpose or effect of creating
an intimidating, hostile, humiliating, or offensive working environment; (2) has the purpose or
effect of unreasonably interfering with an individual’s work performance; or (3) otherwise
adversely affects an individual’s employment opportunities.   
   
Depending on the circumstances, the following conduct may constitute discriminatory
harassment:  (1) epithets, slurs, negative stereotyping, jokes, or threatening, intimidating, or
hostile acts that relate to race, color, gender, religion, sexual orientation, age, national origin, or
disability; and (2) written or graphic material that denigrates or shows hostility toward an
individual or group because of race, color, gender, religion, sexual orientation, age, national
origin, or disability and that is circulated in the workplace, or placed anywhere in
Ambrics’s premises such as on an employee’s desk or workspace or on
Ambrics’s equipment or bulletin boards.  Other conduct may also constitute
discriminatory harassment if it falls within the definition of discriminatory harassment set forth
above.
   
It is also against Ambrics’s policy to retaliate against an employee for
filing a complaint of discriminatory harassment or for cooperating in an investigation of a
complaint of discriminatory harassment.
   
5
Reporting of Harassment:  If you believe that you have experienced or witnessed sexual
harassment or other discriminatory harassment by any employee of Ambrics, you should report the incident immediately to your supervisor or to the Executive
Director.  Possible harassment by others with whom Ambrics has a business
relationship, including customers and vendors, should also be reported as soon as possible so
that appropriate action can be taken.   
Ambrics will promptly and thoroughly investigate all reports of
harassment as discreetly and confidentially as practicable.  The investigation would generally
include a private interview with the person making a report of harassment.  It would also
generally be necessary to discuss allegations of harassment with the accused individual and
others who may have information relevant to the investigation.  Ambrics’s
goal is to conduct a thorough investigation, to determine whether harassment occurred, and to
determine what action to take if it is determined that improper behavior occurred.   
   
If Ambrics determines that a violation of this policy has occurred, it
will take appropriate disciplinary action against the offending party, which can include
counseling, warnings, suspensions, and termination.  Employees who report violations of this
policy and employees who cooperate with investigations into alleged violations of this policy
will not be subject to retaliation.  Upon completion of the investigation, Ambrics will inform the employee who made the complaint of the results of the investigation.
   
Compliance with this policy is a condition of each employee’s employment.  Employees
are encouraged to raise any questions or concerns about this policy or about possible
discriminatory harassment with the Executive Director.  In the case where the allegation of
harassment is against the Executive Director, please notify the staff member designated as
grievance officer.   
VI. SOLICITATION
Employees are prohibited from soliciting (personally or via electronic mail) for
membership, pledges, subscriptions, the collection of money or for any other unauthorized
purpose anywhere on Ambrics property during work time, especially those
of a partisan or political nature.  “Work time” includes time spent in actual performance of job
duties but does not include lunch periods or breaks.  Non‐working employees may not solicit or
distribute to working employees.  Persons who are not employed by Ambrics may not solicit or distribute literature on Ambrics’s premises at any
time for any reason.
Employees are prohibited from distributing, circulating or posting (on bulletin boards,
refrigerators, walls, etc.) literature, petitions or other materials at any time for any purpose
without the prior approval of the Executive Director or his/her designee.
6
VII. HOURS OF WORK, ATTENDANCE AND PUNCTUALITY
A. Hours of Work
The normal work week for Ambrics shall consist of five (5), seven (7)
hour days.  Ordinarily, work hours are from 9:00 a.m. ‐ 5:00 p.m., Monday through Friday,
including one hour (unpaid) for lunch.  Employees may request the opportunity to vary their
work schedules (within employer‐defined limits) to better accommodate personal
responsibilities.  Subject to Ambrics work assignments and Executive
Director approval, the employee’s supervisor shall determine the hours of employment that
best suits the needs of the work to be done by the individual employee.
B. Attendance and Punctuality
Attendance is a key factor in your job performance.  Punctuality and regular attendance
are expected of all employees.  Excessive absences (whether excused or unexcused), tardiness or
leaving early is unacceptable.  If you are absent for any reason or plan to arrive late or leave
early, you must notify your supervisor and the office manager as far in advance as possible and
no later than one hour before the start of your scheduled work day.  In the event of an
emergency, you must notify your supervisor as soon as possible.   
For all absences extending longer than one day, you must telephone your immediate
supervisor prior to the start of each scheduled workday.  When reporting an absence, you
should indicate the nature of the problem causing your absence and your expected return‐to‐
work date.  A physician’s statement may be required as proof of the need for any illness‐related
absence regardless of the length of the absence.
Except as provided in other policies, an employee who is absent from work for three
consecutive days without notification to his or her supervisor or the Executive Director will be
considered to have voluntarily terminated his or her employment.  The employee’s final
paycheck will be mailed to the last mailing address on file with Ambrics.
   
Excessive absences, tardiness or leaving early will be grounds for discipline up to and
including termination.  Depending on the circumstances, including the employee’s length of
employment, Ambrics may counsel employees prior to termination for
excessive absences, tardiness or leaving early.
C.   Overtime  
Overtime pay, which is applicable only to Non‐Exempt Employees, is for any time
worked in excess of 40 hours in a work week.  Only the Executive Director or his or her
designee, upon the request of an employeeʹs supervisor, may authorize overtime.  Overtime
rate is one and one‐half time (1½) the employeeʹs straight time rate, except in instances
7
involving a Sunday or holidays when the rate is two times the regular rate.  Payment of
overtime will be provided in the pay period following the period in which it is earned.
   
VIII. EMPLOYMENT POLICIES AND PRACTICES
A. Definition of Terms
1. Employer.  The Ambrics is the employer of all full‐time, part‐time
and temporary employees.  An employee is hired, provided compensation and
applicable benefits, and has his or her work directed and evaluated by
Ambrics.
2. Full‐Time Employee.  A Full Time Employee regularly works at least 35 hours
per week
3. Part‐Time Employee.  A Part Time Employee regularly works less than 35 hours
per week but no less than 17 ½ hours per week.
4. Exempt Employee.  An Exempt Employee is an employee who is paid on a salary
basis and meets the qualifications for exemption from the overtime requirements
of the Fair Labor Standards Act (“FLSA”).
5. Non‐Exempt Employee.  A Non‐Exempt Employee is an employee who is paid
an hourly rate and does not meet the qualifications for exemption from the
overtime requirements of the Fair Labor Standards Act (“FLSA”).  For Non‐
Exempt Employees, an accurate record of hours worked must be maintained.  
Ambrics will compensate non‐exempt employees in
accordance with applicable federal and state law and regulations.
6. Temporary Employee.  An individual employed, either on a full‐time or
part‐time basis, for a specific period of time less than six months.  Temporary
employees are entitled only to those benefits required by statute or as otherwise
stated in the Ambrics Employee Handbook.
All employees are classified as Exempt or Non‐Exempt in accordance with federal and
state law and regulations.  Each employee is notified at the time of hire of his or her specific
compensation category and exempt or non‐exempt status.
IX. POSITION DESCRIPTION AND SALARY ADMINISTRATION
Each position shall have a written job description. In general, the description will
include the:  purpose of the position, areas of responsibilities, immediate supervisor(s),
8
qualifications required, salary range, and working conditions affecting the job, e.g., working
hours, use of car, etc.   The supervisor(s) or the Executive Director shall have discretion to
modify the job description to meet the needs of Ambrics.  
Paychecks are distributed on the 15th and the last day of each month, except when
either of those days falls on a Saturday, Sunday or holiday, in which case paychecks will be
distributed on the preceding workday.  Timesheets are due to the Executive Director within two
days of each pay period. All salary deductions are itemized and presented to employees with
the paycheck.  Approved salary deductions may include: federal and state income taxes; social
security, Medicare, and state disability insurance; voluntary medical and group hospitalization
insurance premiums (if in force and if paid by employee) and other benefits (e.g., life insurance,
retirement).
X. WORK REVIEW
The work of each employee is reviewed on an ongoing basis with the supervisor to
provide a systematic means of evaluating performance.
The annual performance review is a formal opportunity for the supervisor and
employee to exchange ideas that will strengthen their working relationship, review the past
year, and anticipate Ambricsʹs needs in the coming year.  The purpose of the
review is to encourage the exchange of ideas in order to create positive change within
Ambrics.  To that end, it is incumbent upon both parties to have an open,
and honest discussion concerning the employee’s performance.  It is further incumbent upon
the supervisor to clearly communicate the needs of Ambrics and what is
expected of the employee in contributing to the success of Ambrics for the
coming year.
Both supervisor and employee should attempt to arrive at an understanding regarding
the objectives for the coming year.  This having been done, both parties should sign the
performance review form, which will be kept as part of the employeeʹs personnel record and
used as a guide during the course of the year to monitor employee progress relative to the
agreed upon objectives.
The Executive Director reviews the work of all supervisors.  Work reviews for other staff
are the responsibility of the appropriate supervisor, subject to confirmation by the Executive
Director.
XI. ECONOMIC BENEFITS AND INSURANCE
Ambrics shall provide a competitive package of benefits to all eligible
full‐time and part‐time employees.  The following outline of available benefits is provided with
9
the understanding that benefit plans may change from time to time, and the plan brochures
(known as Summary Plan Descriptions) or contracts are to be considered the final word on the
terms and conditions of the employee benefits provided by Ambrics.  For
eligibility requirements, refer to the Plan document for each benefit program.  Continuation of
any benefits after termination of employment will be solely at the employeeʹs expense and only
if permitted by policies and statutes.  The Executive Director will determine levels of
deductibility and co‐payments for all insurance related benefits annually.
A. Health/Life Insurance
Ambrics currently provides individual health and dental insurance
benefits for eligible full‐time and part‐time employees except those who are insured through
their spouse, retired military, or other plans, beginning after the first full month of employment.
Eligible employees may elect to participate in available health plan(s) offered by
Ambrics.  Ambrics presently pays the individual
insurance premium for all eligible employees.  Ambrics may require
employees to pay a portion of insurance premium in the future.  Information about
Ambricsʹs health plan(s) will be provided to the employee at the time of
employment.
B. Social Security/Medicare/Medicaid
Ambrics participates in the provisions of the Social Security,
Medicare and Medicaid programs.  Employees’ contributions are deducted from each paycheck
and Ambrics contributes at the applicable wage base as established by
federal law.
C. Workersʹ Compensation and Unemployment Insurance
Employees are covered for benefits under the Workersʹ Compensation Law.  Absences
for which worker compensation benefits are provided are not charged against the eligible
employeeʹs sick leave.  To assure proper protection for employees and Ambrics, any accident that occurs on the job must be reported, even if there are no injuries
apparent at the time.  Forms for this purpose are available from Ambrics.  
Ambrics also participates in the District of Columbia unemployment
program.
D. Retirement Plan
Ambrics provides a retirement program for eligible full‐time and
part‐time employees who are 21 years of age or older.  Ambrics contributes
to the employee’s retirement plan when employee becomes vested after one year of
employment.  Eligible employees may contribute to retirement plan at start of employment.  
Employer percentage contributions to the retirement program is reviewed and determined
10
annually by the Ambrics Board of Directors.  Information about
Ambricsʹs retirement plan will be provided to the employee at the time of
employment.
E. Tax Deferred Annuity Plan
Ambrics offers a tax deferred annuity plan through payroll
deduction at the employeeʹs expense and which is subject to federal, state and local provisions.
Ambrics reserves the right to modify or terminate any employee benefits, at
any time.   
XII. LEAVE BENEFITS AND OTHER WORK POLICIES
A. Holidays
Full‐Time Employees are eligible for 11.5 holidays per year as follows:   
New Yearʹs Day
Martin Luther King, Jr.ʹs Birthday
Presidentʹs Day
Memorial Day
Independence Day
Labor Day    
Columbus Day
Veteranʹs Day
Thanksgiving Day
The Day After Thanksgiving Day
Christmas Eve (1/2 Day)
Christmas Day
   
Full‐time employees (employees who regularly work at least 35 hours per week) receive
one (1) paid day off for each full day of holiday time.  Holiday benefits for Part‐Time employees
will be pro‐rated in accordance with the hours regularly worked by the employee.  Employees
wishing to take religious holidays may substitute a religious holiday for one of those listed
above, with advance approval from their supervisor and the Executive Director.  Temporary
employees are ineligible for holiday leave benefits.  In those years when Independence Day,
Christmas Eve and Christmas Day, and New Yearʹs Day fall on Saturday or Sunday, the
Executive Director will designate the work day that will replace the weekend holiday.
B. Vacation
11
During the first 90 days of employment full‐ and part‐time employees will not earn
Vacation benefits.  During the remaining nine months of first year employment, a full‐time
employee will earn two weeks (10 days) of paid Vacation.
Full‐time employees will continue to earn two weeks (10 days) of Vacation during the
second year of employment.  In their third year of employment, full‐time employees will earn
three weeks (15 days) of Vacation.  During the fourth year and thereafter, full‐time employees
will earn four weeks (20 days) of Vacation per year.  Temporary employees are ineligible for
Vacation benefits.  
Vacation benefits are prorated accordingly for Part‐Time employees.  Use of Vacation is
subject to approval by the supervisor and Executive Director and must be requested in hourly
increments, using the appropriate leave request form..  
Employees are expected to use Vacation benefits in the fiscal year in which Vacation is
earned.  Employees may carry over unused Vacation from one year to the next only with the
approval of the Executive Director.  Employees may not accrue more than the maximum leave
they are allowed.  Once an employee reaches his or her annual ceiling, the employee ceases to
accrue any additional Vacation benefits.  If an employee later uses enough Vacation benefits to
fall below the ceiling, the employee starts to accrue leave again from that date forward until he
or she reaches his or her Vacation ceiling.  Accordingly, employees are encouraged to use all
Vacation benefits in the fiscal year in which they are earned in order to avoid reaching the
ceiling limit.
C. Sick Leave
Sick leave benefits are earned on a prorated basis of one day (7 hours) per month for
full‐time employees beginning at first day of employment.  Part‐time employees receive
prorated sick leave benefits, (i.e., 3.5 hours per month if the Employee works 17.5 hours per
week). Temporary employees are not eligible for paid sick leave benefits.  Use of sick leave is
subject to approval by the supervisor and the Executive Director and must be requested in
hourly increments.   
Unused sick leave can accumulate from year to year up to a maximum of 30 days (210
hours) for full‐time employees.  This limitation on accrual of sick leave benefits is prorated
accordingly for part‐time employees.  No sick leave benefits are paid upon separation of
employment from Ambrics for any reason.  If an employeeʹs illness or injury
requires a consecutive absence of five (5) days or more, physician documentation will be
required.  Ambrics also may recommend that the employee apply for state
disability insurance (SDI).  If the employee receives SDI and the compensation does not equal
the employeeʹs sick leave accruals, Ambrics will make up the difference until
all sick leave benefits are used.  
12
D. Personal Leave
Ambrics provides three (3) days of personal leave per calendar year
to all Full‐Time and Part‐Time employees who have completed six months of employment.  
Personal leave benefits are prorated accordingly for part‐time employees.  Temporary
employees are not eligible for paid personal leave benefits.   Personal leave is accrued at the
beginning of each year and cannot be carried into the next year.  Personal leave may not be
taken in the first six (6) months of employment.  All personal leave is subject to prior approval
by the supervisor and Executive Director and must be requested in hourly increments.  No
personal leave benefits are paid upon separation from employment with Ambrics for any reason.
E. Military Leave
Employees who are inducted into or enlist in the Armed Forces of the United States or
are called to duty as a member of a reserve unit may take an unpaid leave in accordance with
applicable law.  The employee must provide advance notice of his or her need for a military
leave and Ambrics will request a copy of the employee’s orders, which will
be kept on record by Ambrics.
The time an employee spends on military leave will be counted as continuous service for
the purpose of determining eligibility and accrual for various benefit plans and policies.  
For military leaves extending 30 days or less, Ambrics will continue
to pay the portion of the premium on health insurance, if any, that it was paying before military
leave began.  In order to continue such health insurance, the employee must continue to pay his
or her portion of premiums during this period.  For military leaves extending beyond 30 days,
the employee will have the option to continue his or her insurance coverage at the employee’s
cost.   
Upon return from military leave, employees will be reinstated as required by law and
benefits will be reinstated with no waiting periods.ʺ
F. Civic Responsibility  
Ambrics believes in the civic responsibility of its employees and
encourages this by allowing employees time off to serve jury duty when required and to serve
as nonpartisan Election Day poll workers when appropriate and approved.  
1. Jury Duty. For time served on jury duty, Ambrics will pay
employees the difference between his or her salary and any amount paid by
the government, unless prohibited by law, up to a maximum of ten days.  If an
employee is required to serve more than ten days of jury duty,
Ambrics will provide the employee with unpaid leave.
Employees must provide Ambrics a copy of proof of
13
service received by court in which they serve.  
2. Election Day Poll Workers. Ambrics will pay employees the
difference between his or her salary and any amount paid by the government
or any other source, unless prohibited by law for serving as an Election Day
worker at the polls on official election days (not to exceed two elections in one
given calendar year). While performing their official nonpartisan duties at the
polls, Election Day workers may not engage in political activity or campaign
for or against any candidate or ballot measure. Ambrics
requires that employees provide proof of service for their time at the polls.
Employees interested in using this benefit, must have written approval from
the Executive Director 30 days before the election. The Executive Director will
assure that the employee’s absence will not seriously interfere with the
organization’s operations.  
F. Parental Leave
The DC Parental Leave Act entitles employees to certain unpaid parental leave.  For
purposes of this section only, the following definitions apply:  (1) “parent” means the natural
mother or father of a child; a person who has legal custody of a child or who acts as a guardian
of a child regardless of whether he or she has been appointed legally as such; an aunt, uncle or
grandparent of a child; or a spouse to the above individuals; (2) “school‐related event” means
an activity sponsored by either a school or an associated organization such as a parent‐teacher
association which involves the parent’s child as a participant or subject, but not as a spectator,
including a student performance, such as a concert, play or rehearsal, the sporting game of a
school team or practice, a meeting with a teacher or counselor, or any similar type of activity.   
A parent is entitled to a total of 24 hours of unpaid leave during any 12‐month period to
attend or participate in school‐related events for his or her child.  Ambrics
reserves the right, however, to deny such leave if such a leave would disrupt
Ambrics’s operations.  While parental leave is unpaid, employees may elect
to use accrued vacation or personal leave.  
If the need for parental leave is foreseeable, the employee must provide a written notice
and request for parental leave at least 10 days prior to the event.  If the employee’s need for
parental leave is not foreseeable 10 days prior to the event, the employee must provide a
written notice and request for parental leave as soon as he or she learns of the need for such
leave.  
G. Bereavement Leave
Employees shall be entitled to bereavement leave with pay of five (5) days in the event   
of a death in the employee’s immediate family (spouse/life partner, child or parent) and three
(3) days for grandparent, sister or brother, father‐in‐law, mother‐in‐law, or grandchildren.   If
14
an employee wishes to take time off due to the death of an immediate family member, the
employee should notify the Executive Director immediately.  Approval of bereavement leave
will occur in the absence of unusual operating requirements.  An employee may use, with the
Executive Directorʹs approval, available paid leave for additional time off as necessary and in
accordance with operating needs.
H.   Extended Personal Leave
Employees who have been employed by Ambrics for at least one year
may apply for personal leaves of absence for up to eight weeks.  Personal leaves are unpaid and
are discretionary with the management of Ambrics.  When considering a
request for a personal leave, Ambrics will consider factors such as the
employee’s position, the employee’s length of service, the employee’s performance record
including attendance, the purpose of the leave, the needs of the department in which the
employee works, the effect of the leave on other employees, and Ambrics’s
general business needs.
Personal leaves generally are unpaid.  However, accrued vacation or personal time may
be used to continue an employee’s salary during the leave.  Vacation and sick time will not
continue to accrue during the leave of absence.  Medical and life insurance benefits will
continue on the same basis as if the employee were actively working.
Ambrics cannot guarantee reinstatement upon return from a
personal leave.  Ambrics will, however, make a reasonable effort to place the
employee in an available position for which he or she is qualified.  If such a position is not
available, then the employee’s employment will terminate.  Even in that event, the employee
may later apply for reemployment.
Employees who fail to report to work after an approved leave of absence are deemed to
have voluntarily resigned. When an approved leave has been exhausted, the employee may
request additional leave.  The Executive Director must approve all unpaid leave.
I. Severe Weather Conditions
Ambrics closes when federal government offices in the Washington
metropolitan area are closed due to severe weather conditions.  Ambrics also
will follow a liberal leave policy when the federal government announces that liberal leave is
applicable.  Under Ambricsʹs liberal leave policy, annual and/or personal
leave may be taken without prior scheduling and approval if the employee is unable to reach
the office due to severe weather conditions.
J. Meetings and Conferences
15
Staff may be given limited time off by the Executive Director with pay to participate in
educational opportunities related to the staff memberʹs current or anticipated work with
Ambrics.  An employee serving as an official representative of
Ambrics at a conference or meeting is considered on official business and not
on leave.
XIII. REIMBURSEMENT OF EXPENSES
Reimbursement is authorized for reasonable and necessary expenses incurred in
carrying out job responsibilities.  Mileage or transportation, parking fees, business telephone
calls, and meal costs when required to attend a luncheon or banquet, are all illustrative of
reasonable and necessary expenses.
Employees serving in an official capacity for Ambrics at conferences
and meetings are reimbursed for actual and necessary expenses incurred, such as travel
expenses, meal costs, lodging, tips and registration fees.  When attending meetings that have
been approved by the Executive Director, employees are reimbursed for travel expenses, course
fees, and costs of meals and lodging at the current rates.  Employees may also request a travel
advance to cover anticipated expenses approved travel.   Employees also may be granted leave
to attend a conference or professional meeting related to their professional development, and/or
Ambricsʹs current and anticipated work.  Expenses for these purposes can be
paid by Ambrics, if funds are available, and the employee obtains prior
written approval of such expenses.
Employees are responsible for transportation costs between the office and home during
normal work hours.  Transportation costs are paid by Ambrics for work
outside normal work hours if the employee is on official business for Ambrics.  Employees authorized to use their personal cars for Ambrics
business are reimbursed at the U.S. Internal Revenue Service approved rate.
Forms are provided to request reimbursement for actual expenses and advance payment
for travel.  Receipts must be provided for all expenditures made in order to claim
reimbursement.
XIV. SEPARATION
Either Ambrics or the employee may initiate separation.  
Ambrics encourages employees to provide at least two weeks (10 days)
written notice prior to intended separation. After receiving such notice, an exit interview will be
scheduled by the Executive Director or his or her designee.  The Executive Director has
authority to employ or separate all other employees.   
Circumstances under which separation may occur include:
16
1. Resignation.  Employees are encouraged to give at least 10 business days of
written notice.  Since a longer period is desired, the intention to resign should be
made known as far in advance as possible.  Employees who resign are entitled to
receive accrued, unused Vacation benefits.
2. Termination or Lay‐off.  Under certain circumstances, the termination or lay‐off
of an employee may be necessary.  Employees who are terminated or laid off are
entitled to receive accrued, unused Vacation benefits.
The Executive Director has authority to discharge an employee from the employ of
Ambrics.  As stated above, all employment at Ambrics is
“at‐will.”  That means that employees may be terminated from employment with
Ambrics with or without cause, and employees are free to leave the
employment of Ambrics with or without cause. Reasons for discharge may
include, but are not limited to:
• Falsifying or withholding information on your employment application that did
or would have affected Ambrics’s decision to hire you (this
conduct will result in your immediate termination);
• Falsifying or withholding information in other personnel records including
personnel questionnaires, performance evaluations or any other records;
• Performance at work below a level acceptable to Ambrics or
the failure to perform assigned duties;
• Failure to complete required time records or falsification of such time records;
• Insubordination;
•   Refusing to work reasonable overtime;
• Negligence in the performance of duties likely to cause or actually causing
personal injury or property damage;
• Fighting, arguing or attempting to injure another;
• Destroying or willfully damaging the personal property of another, including
Ambrics’s property;  
•   Breach of confidentiality;
17
• Using or appearing to use for personal gain any information obtained on the job,
which is not readily available to the general public or disclosing such
information that damages the interests of Ambrics or its
customers or vendors;
• Placing oneself in a position in which personal interests and those of
Ambrics are or appear to be in conflict or might interfere with
the ability of the employee to perform the job as well as possible;
• Using Ambrics property or services for personal gain or
taking, removing or disposing of Ambrics material, supplies
or equipment without proper authority;
•   Gambling in any form on Ambrics property;
•   Dishonesty;
•   Theft;
• The possession, use, sale or being under the influence of drugs or other
controlled substances or alcoholic beverages during working hours or on the
Ambrics premises at any time in violation of
Ambrics’s policies.
• Carrying or possessing firearms or weapons on Ambrics
property;
• Excessive tardiness or absenteeism whether excused or unexcused;
• Unauthorized absence from work without proper notice; and
• Engaging in discriminatory or abusive behavior, including sexual harassment.
At the sole discretion of the Executive Director, the employee may be asked to leave
immediately or be given a period of notice.
XV. RETURN OF PROPERTY
Employees are responsible for Ambrics equipment, property and
work products that may be issued to them and/or are in their possession or control, including
but not limited to:
18
• Telephone cards,
• Credit cards,
• Identification badges,
• Office/building keys,
• Office/building security passes,
• Computers, computerized diskettes, electronic/voice mail codes, and
• Intellectual property (e.g., written materials, work products).
In the event of separation from employment, or immediately upon request by the Executive
Director or his or her designee, Employees must return all Ambrics property
that is in their possession or control.  Where permitted by applicable law(s), Ambrics may withhold from the employeeʹs final paycheck the cost of any property, including
intellectual property, which is not returned when required.  {ORGANIZATIO